Gravitonic Dragon
Curus Keel & Contributors - 2019-10-04

The far reaches of space can be a lonesome place. Even more reason to savor the connections and rare moments you do make in the long gulfs between worlds.

From one of those reaches, a large, winged beast glides on nonextant wind, propelling themselves alongside the colorful gas giants of a star system, a beast not unlike a dragon. As in, they looked like a classical dragon, with a large quadupedral body, with luminesent scales of green and gold, basking in the starlight. An energetic aura surrounds them, the aura of manipulated gravity, soaring by their own gravitonic control.

From another reach comes a scouting ship. More than likely, from some sort of federation, or maybe not. Their ship was alone, scouting for something valuable. To them, the system was Beta-Phi-Kappa-D231, and many tasks were to be done - any infomation that can be gathered, should be gathered.

By fate, by coincidence, these two reaches met.

The ship traveled forward, begining to make out a blur in the distance. Whatever it was, it was not charted in the navigation maps. Perhaps some lonesome astroid or forgotten planet. However, the crew then seemed to take notice that it was moving. And not aimlessly, but right towards them. 

The crew however, was not too concered as they were part using a high end, latest model military grade vehilcle. Their curiosity took hold and they moved closer to both chart and understand this object.

They soon realized that it was no moon. It was an animal, and not just any animal but dragon. What was curiosity soon became fear. They began to turn around only to find that the dragon's gravitational pull was dragging them back down...

The crew tried all that they could to accelerate away, jettisoning all unneeded material.  They started expending fuel at an unprecedented rate, but they still were unable to escape the field of the dragon.  What was worse, the beast seemed to be moving toward them, making their meek escape even more futile.  What was the highest end of their technological prowess paled in comparison to this force of nature.  As they approached each other, the crew could feel themselves being pulled to the dragon.  They were its prey.

With no sight of escape, the crew decided that their best course of action was to fight the dragon. However, the crew was only a research team and their ship was not armed.How were they ever going to win against such a magnificent beast? 

As it turns out, they didn't have to do anything. Instead of eating the ship, the dragon gave it a hug, wrapping their massive body around the vessel, tail swaying and curling under it. Fight or flight is a naturally human reaction, espeially against something that is larger then them. Their own energic blue and gold aura surrounds the ship, filling the crew with a surge of energy. And in that moment, they understood - there was something wonderful about this playful, seemingly magical dragon. A little bit of wonder returned to an otherwise heavily analyzed world.

The dragon then let go of the ship, waving and swaying their tail. As the ship leaves, it seems to change form, the energy seemingly rearranging it into the majestic form of a mechanical dragon, wings speading as the ship zooms off into further reaches of space. Whatever happens, the crew will have a story to tell. 
